I know that Diego released an
exclusive report that Ana Rosa is not working out and
that she is not comfortable either and
wanted to give up the afternoons, she has not
ruined the morning to fail in the
afternoon, fail okay or rather she is there playing
the word game in case
someone hasn't caught on and then the
move is that which has come out from
Ana Rosa's production company to deny it
but then it turns out that these people
are again saying that yes, yes, it
is true that there are
rumors that Ana Rosa wants to
leave the afternoon, she already has
enough money. What does she want to work for?
Ah Maybe in the end she was worthless
but if it's not to retire It's that she
wants to change the afternoons for the
mornings again she wants to go back to the
morning and these people have said that the rumor is
the prelude to the news that what
happened with them happened that for a
while it was rumored that
Sálvame was over and that in the end the
news arrived and that what is happening with
Ana Rosa is the same it is different because
in the case of Ana Rosa it would be her who
wants to be this change